Invalid design in file 'Wasp LAM WSP-110.mtf': Design is overweight by 3.00 tons
Unable to convert data from 'Uni ATAE-70 ArtilleryMech.mtf': Unexpected number of criticals for split component: ISThumper
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental III Battle Armor [AP Gauss].blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to parse 'Elemental III Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Unexpected start of block (line:30)
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental III Battle Armor [MicroPL].blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Undine Battle Armor_Sebastian_.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Aerie PA(L) (Salvage).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Aerie PA(L).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Afreet Medium Battle Armor (HH).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBearhunter Superheavy AC
Unable to convert data from 'Afreet Medium Battle Armor (JF).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Afreet Medium Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBALightRecoillessRifle
Unable to convert data from 'Asura Medium Battle Armor (Anti Infantry).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Asura Medium Battle Armor (SRM).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Asura Medium Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Clan Medium BA (Bar).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAJumpBooster
Unable to convert data from 'Clan Medium BA (Rapid).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBASRM2OS
Unable to convert data from 'Clan Medium BA (Volk).blk': Unrecognized component type: BAJumpBooster
Unable to convert data from 'Corona Heavy Battle Armor (SRM).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Corona Heavy Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Djinn Battle Armor (Stealth).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Djinn Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Golem Assault Armor (Fast Assault).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBASRM5OS
Unable to convert data from 'Golem Assault Armor (Rock Golem).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Golem Assault Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor (Hunter-Killer) [MagShot].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor (Hunter-Killer) [NARC].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [LRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [MagShot].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [SL].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [TAG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Hauberk Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Hauberk II Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL Flamer] (CS).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL Flamer] (GB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL Flamer].blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL SPL] (CS).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL SPL] (GB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL SPL].blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL TAG] (CS).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL TAG] (GB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [GL TAG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [SL Flamer] (CS).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [SL Flamer] (GB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [SL Flamer].blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [SL TAG]  (CS).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [SL TAG] (GB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor [SL TAG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Nephilim Assault Battle Armor (Capture Team)[HMG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Nephilim Assault Battle Armor (Gauss).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Nephilim Assault Battle Armor (Narc).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Nephilim Assault Battle Armor (Seeker) [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Nephilim Assault Battle Armor (Support).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Nephilim Assault Battle Armor [Standard].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Nighthawk PA(L) Mk. XXI (WoB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Nighthawk PA(L) Mk. XXI.blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Nighthawk PA(L) Mk. XXII.blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Phalanx (A).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Phalanx (B).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Phalanx (C).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Phalanx (WoB-A).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Phalanx (WoB-B).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Phalanx (WoB-C).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Rogue Bear Heavy Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized component type: Clan BA Machine Gun
Unable to convert data from 'Rottweiler Battle Armor (Close Combat).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Rottweiler Battle Armor (Upgrade).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Rottweiler Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Se'irim Medium Battle Armor (Anti Infantry).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Se'irim Medium Battle Armor (Capture Team).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Se'irim Medium Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Shedu Assault Battle Armor (Capture Team).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shedu Assault Battle Armor (PPC).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shedu Assault Battle Armor (Recon).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shedu Assault Battle Armor (Support).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shedu Assault Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tengu Heavy Battle Armor (C3i).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tengu Heavy Battle Armor (ML).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tengu Heavy Battle Armor (RL).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tengu Heavy Battle Armor (Support).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tengu Heavy Battle Armor (VSP).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tengu Heavy Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G12.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G13 [David Light Gauss].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G13 [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G13 [Grenade Launcher].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G13 [Machine Gun].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G13 [Small Laser].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G14.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) P12.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Asterion)[MRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Asterion)[PPC].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Theseus RL)[LRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Theseus)[MRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Ying Long)(Plasma).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Void Medium Battle Armor (DCA).blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Void Medium Battle Armor (Nova Cat).blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Void Medium Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Angerona Scout Suit (Recon).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Angerona Scout Suit.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ironhold Assault Battle Armor (Fire).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ironhold Assault Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized component type: BABasicManipulator
Unable to convert data from 'Kopis Assault Battle Armor (Anti-Infantry).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kopis Assault Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ravager Assault Battle Armor (Level I).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ravager Assault Battle Armor (MH).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ravager Assault Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor (DCMS) [AP Gauss].blk': Unrecognized component type: BAJumpBooster
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor (DCMS) [ER Laser].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAERSmallLaser
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor (DCMS) [Pulse Laser].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBASmallPulseLaser
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [AP Gauss].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAJumpBooster
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [ER Laser].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAERSmallLaser
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [Pulse Laser].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBASmallPulseLaser
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird II Battle Armor (RotS).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Warg Assault Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Afreet Medium Battle Armor (Interdictor).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Clan Medium BA (Rache).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBASRM3 (OS)
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental Battle Armor (Fire) [AP Gauss].blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental Battle Armor (Fire) [Flamer].blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental Battle Armor (Fire) [Pulse Laser].blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental Battle Armor (Space) [Flamer].blk': Unrecognized component type: BACuttingTorch
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental Battle Armor (Space) [MG].blk': Unrecognized component type: BACuttingTorch
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental Battle Armor (Space) [Pulse Laser].blk': Unrecognized component type: BACuttingTorch
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor (Support) [King David].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor (Support) [Plasma].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Gnome Battle Armor (LRM).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBALRM4
Unable to convert data from 'Golem Assault Armor (Support).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Heavy Suit.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Infiltrator Mk II Battle Armor (Magnetic).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor (Space).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor (Magnetic) (WOB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor (Magnetic).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Nighthawk PA(L) Mk. XXX (Bounty Hunter).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Nighthawk PA(L) Mk. XXX.blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [Laser] (RAF).blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [Narc] (RAF).blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [PPC] (RAF).blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [TAG] (RAF).blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor (Anti-Infantry).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Rottweiler Battle Armor (Firedrake).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Sloth Battle Armor (Interdictor).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Asterion Upgrade)[MRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Asterion Upgrade)[PPC].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Theseus Support)'Killshot'.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Black Wolf Battle Armor(ER Pulse).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Black Wolf Battle Armor(Flamer).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Black Wolf Battle Armor(Heavy Mortar).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Black Wolf Battle Armor(LBX).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Black Wolf Battle Armor(Plasma).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Buraq Fast Battle Armor (HK).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Buraq Fast Battle Armor (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Buraq Fast Battle Armor (Support).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Constable Pacification Suit (ECM).blk': Unrecognized component type: CL BA ECM
Unable to convert data from 'Constable Pacification Suit (Imp Sensors).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAHeavyGL
Unable to convert data from 'Constable Pacification Suit (LMG).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBALightMG
Unable to convert data from 'Constable Pacification Suit (SRM).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAHeavyGL
Unable to convert data from 'Constable Pacification Suit (TAG).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAHeavyGL
Unable to convert data from 'Wraith Battle Armor (Anti-Infantry).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Wraith Battle Armor (Standard).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Fusilier BattleArmor (Standard).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Fusilier BattleArmor (Upgraded).blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'PAB-28 Sniper Suit.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Sea Fox Amphibious Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kishi Ceremonial Armor.blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Oni Battle Armor [Narc].blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Oni Battlearmor Bearhunter.blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Oni Battlearmor MRR.blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Oni Battlearmor PPC.blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor (Upgrade - DCMS)[LBX].blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [Upgrade - DCMS](ER Laser).blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [Upgrade - DCMS](Pulse Laser).blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Zou Heavy Battle Armor (C3).blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Zou Heavy Battle Armor (Standard).blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Amazon BattleArmor MRR.blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Amazon BattleArmor PPC.blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Shen Long BattleArmor David.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shen Long BattleArmor Interdictor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shen Long BattleArmor MG.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shen Long BattleArmor MRM.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shen Long BattleArmor Pop Up Mine.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Shen Long BattleArmor SRM.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Leonidas BA (David LGR).blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Leonidas BA (FireDrake).blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Leonidas BA (Improved Sensors).blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Leonidas BA (Light TAG).blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Leonidas BA (MG).blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Ogre BA (Interdictor).blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Ogre BA (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Xiphos Assault Battle Armor A.blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Xiphos Assault Battle Armor B.blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Xiphos Assault Battle Armor C.blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Marauder BattleArmor MH.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Marauder BattleArmor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Spectre Stealth Battle Armor RA.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Spectre Stealth Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Strike Armor (Harjel).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [Heavy Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [Hunter-Killer C3 HRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier Battle Armor [Hunter-Killer SVSP MAgshot].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Infiltrator Mk. II Battle Armor (Marine).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Ironhold Assault Battle Armor (Anti-Tank).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold Battle Armor IIC.blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Kopis Assault Battle Armor (AI Mk II).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kopis Assault Battle Armor (Mortar).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kopis Assault Battle Armor AI Mk IIr.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Phalanx (D).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor II (Flamer).blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor II (HMG).blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Ravager Assault Battle Armor (LRM MH).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ravager Assault Battle Armor (LRM).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Rogue Bear Heavy Battle Armor (Upgrade).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Sloth Battle Armor (Huntsman).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [Upgrade ER Laser].blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [Upgrade LBX].blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird Battle Armor [Upgrade Pulse Laser].blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Warg Assault Battle Armor (Reactive).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Centaur BattleArmor (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Quirinus BattleArmor (David LGR).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Quirinus BattleArmor (Grenade Launcher).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Quirinus BattleArmor (MG).blk': Unrecognized armor type 38
Unable to convert data from 'Simian BattleArmor (Flamer).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Simian BattleArmor (HMG).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Simian BattleArmor (LRR).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Simian BattleArmor (Small Laser).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Taranis Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Cuchulainn Support Armor (Clan).blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Cuchulainn Support Armor (IS).blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir II Assault Battlearmor (AI).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir II Assault Battlearmor (LRM).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir II Assault Battlearmor (ML).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir II Assault Battlearmor (MRR).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir II Assault Battlearmor (SRM).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'GD Infiltrator Suit (Firedrake).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'GD Infiltrator Suit (ISensors).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'GD Infiltrator Suit (Light TAG).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'GD Infiltrator Suit (Mine).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'GD Infiltrator Suit (Remote Sensors).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Rhino BattleArmor.blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Water Elemental Mining Suit.blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Machina Domini Interface Armor (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'TinStar Battlearmor (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental II Battle Armor Production.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gladiator-S Exoskeleton.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Strike Armor Production.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Hauberk Battle Armor Commando.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Rogue Bear Heavy Battle Armor Hybrid.blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Sylph Battle Armor Enhanced.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Void Medium Battle Armor Minelayer.blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus (WoB)  [Flamer].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus (WoB)  [Laser].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus (WoB)  [MG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus (WoB) IS.blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus (WoB) [David].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus (WoB) [TAG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus (WoB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus [David].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus [Flamer].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus [Laser].blk': Value cannot be null. (Parameter 's')
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus [MG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Achileus [TAG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Cavalier Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Cavalier Battle Armor [Laser].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Cavalier Battle Armor [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Cavalier Battle Armor [SRM].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental Battle Armor (Headhunter).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLImprovedSensors
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor [Laser].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor [LRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor [TAG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [ERML].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [Mortar].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [MPL].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [SL].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [SPLAS].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [SRM].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor [VSP].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gnome Battle Armor (Standard).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAERSmallLaser
Unable to convert data from 'Gnome Battle Armor (Upgrade) [Bearhunter].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLAdvancedSRM2
Unable to convert data from 'Gnome Battle Armor (Upgrade) [MRR].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBAMedium Recoilless Rifle
Unable to convert data from 'Gnome Battle Armor (Upgrade) [Pulse Laser].blk': Unrecognized component type: CLAdvancedSRM2
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Scout Suit.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Standard Suit [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Standard Suit [Laser].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Standard Suit [LRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Standard Suit [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Standard Suit [SRM].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Infiltrator Mk. I Battle Armor (Special Ops).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Infiltrator Mk. I Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Infiltrator Mk. II Battle Armor (Sensor).blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'Infiltrator Mk. II Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized armor type 32
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor (Level I) [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor (Level I) [Laser].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor (Level I) [LRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor (Level I) [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor (Level I) [SRM].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor [Laser].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor [LRR].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor [SRM].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor (DEST).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor (Vibro-Claw).blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor [ECM].blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor [Laser].blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor [MG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor [TAG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Kanazuchi Assault Battle Armor (Upgrade) [Battle Claw].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kanazuchi Assault Battle Armor [Battle Claw].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kanazuchi Assault Battle Armor [Industrial Drill].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kanazuchi Assault Battle Armor [Salvage Arm].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [David] (WoB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [David].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [Flamer] (WoB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [Laser] (WoB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [Laser].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [MG] (WoB).blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor [MG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [Laser].blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [Narc].blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [PPC].blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier Adaptive Battle Armor [TAG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor (Original).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor [Flamer].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor [Laser].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor [MRM].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Raiden Battle Armor [Tsunami].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Salamander Battle Armor (Anti-Infantry).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Salamander Battle Armor (Laser).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Salamander Battle Armor.blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Sloth Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Sylph Battle Armor (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Sylph Battle Armor (Upgrade).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Undine Battle Armor (Upgrade).blk': Unrecognized component type: CLBALRM3
Unable to convert data from 'Undine Battle Armor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Hantu AIX-210 (Kandersteg).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Hantu AIX-210.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ailette Zero-G Engineering Exoskeleton (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gladiator Exoskeleton (Standard) [AG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gladiator Exoskeleton (Standard) [BC ID].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gorilla Exoskeleton 'Falcata'.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gorilla Exoskeleton PEX-2B.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Groundhog Exoskeleton CEX-205 [Armored Glove].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Groundhog Exoskeleton CEX-205 [Basic Manipulator].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Groundhog Exoskeleton CEX-205 [Cargo Lifter].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Groundhog Exoskeleton CEX-205 [Industrial Drill].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Groundhog Exoskeleton CEX-205 [Mine Clearance].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Groundhog Exoskeleton CEX-205 [Salvage Arm].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'HeavyHauler Exoskeleton (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Krise PA(L) (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'PowerLoader Exoskeleton P-5000.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Resgate PA(L) (Interdictor).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Resgate PA(L) (Scout).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Resgate PA(L) (Spotter).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Resgate PA(L) (Standard).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Resgate PA(L) (Support).blk': Unrecognized armor type 35
Unable to convert data from 'Salrilla Exoskeleton [Mine Clearance].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Salrilla Exoskeleton [Salvage Arm].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Smoothdavid PA(L) II.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Smoothdavid PA(L) III.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Smoothgoliath PA(L) II.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tunnel Rat Mining Exoskeleton I II [AG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tunnel Rat Mining Exoskeleton I II [ID].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tunnel Rat Mining Exoskeleton III [Armored Glove].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tunnel Rat Mining Exoskeleton IV [AG-GL].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tunnel Rat Mining Exoskeleton IV [AG-LMG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tunnel Rat Mining Exoskeleton IV [BC-GL].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tunnel Rat Mining Exoskeleton IV [BC-LMG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Elemental II Battle Armor X.blk': Unrecognized component type: CLDetachableWeaponPack
Unable to convert data from 'Rogue Bear Heavy Battle Armor HR.blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Sylph XR.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Hurricane PA (L) P17.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kobold X-C3.blk': Unrecognized armor type 31
Unable to convert data from 'Hauberk Battle Armor U15.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Infiltrator Mk. II Battle Armor Coral Intent.blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Gladiator Exoskeleton The Spider.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Scout Suit The Willow Wisps.blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'IS Standard Battle Armor [Hive].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Kanazuchi Assault Battle Armor Cyclops.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Kage Light Battle Armor C.blk': Unrecognized armor type 36
Unable to convert data from 'Void Medium Battle Armor Caltrop.blk': Unrecognized armor type 33
Unable to convert data from 'Fa Shih Battle Armor 2 [MG].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Trinity Medium Battle Armor (Ying Long BC3)[David].blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor Hacked [David].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Longinus Battle Armor Hacked [MG].blk': Unrecognized armor type 30
Unable to convert data from 'Djinn Battle Armor (Reflective) Terrorizer Flamer.blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Djinn Battle Armor (Reflective) Terrorizer MG.blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Djinn Battle Armor (Reflective) Terrorizer SL.blk': Unrecognized armor type 37
Unable to convert data from 'Groundhog Exoskeleton Master Thief.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Ailette Rescue PA(L).blk': Block contains multiple values
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier BA Terra AP Gauss(C).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier BA Terra ER Small(C).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier BA Terra Recoilless Rifle(C).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Purifier BA Terra Small Pulse(C).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tornado PA(L) G17.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Surat Solahma Suit (Grey Death).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Thunderbird II BattleArmor.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tortoise II (aSRM).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tortoise II (C3).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tortoise II (LRM).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Tortoise II (SRM).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Aegis Point Defense Suit (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Clan Interface Armor (Standard).blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier II Battle Armor A.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier II Battle Armor B.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier II Battle Armor C.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Grenadier II Battle Armor D.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Fenrir Battle Armor Longshot.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Unable to convert data from 'Gray Death Strike Armor Prototype.blk': Object reference not set to an instance of an object.

--------------------------------------------------
Unrecognized Components:

--------------------------------------------------
Units without Battle Value:
Rhino (Standard) - unknown battle value
Tessen TSN-X4R 'Rapunzel' - unknown battle value

--------------------------------------------------
Units without Roles:
Arctic Wolf A
Hyena HYN-4B SalvageMech
Patron LoaderMech PTN-1
Fwltur FWL-3R SalvageMech
Fwltur FWL-3V SalvageMech
Beowulf C
Tomahawk C
Atlas II AS7-D-HT
Ti Ts'ang TSG-9 'China Doll'
Legionnaire LGN-2D (Raul)
Mad Cat III 2 (MWDA)
Mad Cat III (Dark Age RS)
Ryoken II (Tassa)
Ti Ts'ang Jason
Mackie MSK-9HKR 'Kill-Roy's Little Buddy'
Archer C 2
Blackjack C
Rock Hound ProspectorMech AM-PRM-RH7 'Rock Possum'
Rock Hound ProspectorMech AM-PRM-RH7
Rock Hound ProspectorMech AM-PRM-RH7A 'Rock Otter'
Space Hound ProspectorMech AM-PRM-SH1
Thunderbolt TDR-5L
Thunderbolt TDR-5LS
Dragoon AEM-02
Dragoon AEM-03
Dragoon AEM-04
Burrower DTM-1 MiningMech
Demeter WLD-1 AgroMech
Exo HaulerMech HMX-1
Exo HaulerMech HMX-2
Exo HaulerMech HMX-3
Exo HaulerMech HMX-3M
Harvester HVR-199 AgroMech
Heavy Forester HFL-1 LoggerMech
MuckRaker GMMM-2 MiningMech
Opossum SalvageMech OPO-2
St. Florian FLN-366 FireMech
St. Florian FLN-366-M FireMech MOD
StrongArm SC CV ConstructionMech
StrongArm SC CVI ConstructionMech
Arana MilitiaMech ARA-S-1
Reptar MilitiaMech EPT-C-1
Omega SHP-4X
Bull Shark BSK-M3
Bull Shark BSK-MAZ
Corsair COR-5R
Corsair COR-5T
Corsair COR-6R
Corsair COR-7A
Corsair COR-7R
Corsair COR-BR Broadside
Corsair COR-RA Ravager
Roughneck RGH-1A
Roughneck RGH-1B
Roughneck RGH-1C
Roughneck RGH-2A
Roughneck RGH-3A
Roughneck RGH-BLT Bolt
Roughneck RGH-PH Powerhouse
Roughneck RGH-R Reaver
Sun Spider A
Sun Spider Ambush
Sun Spider B
Sun Spider C
Sun Spider D
Sun Spider Manul
Sun Spider Prime
Sun Spider Vanguard
Crosscut ED-X2 LoggerMech
Harvester Ant KIC-3M AgroMech (MG)
Harvester Ant KIC-3M-B AgroMech (LRM)
Powerman SC XI LoaderMech (Standard)
Mad Cat III 2
Stinger C 2
Stinger C
Kodiak 6
Battle Cobra I
Katana (Crockett) CRK-5006-1
Star Python (Standard)
Ryoken III (Skinwalker) A
Ryoken III (Skinwalker) B
Ryoken III (Skinwalker) C
Ryoken III (Skinwalker) D
Ryoken III (Skinwalker) E
Ryoken III (Skinwalker) F
Ryoken III (Skinwalker) Prime
Thresher Mk II (Standard)
Templar III TLR2-J 'Arthur'
Hatchetman HCT-5DT
Templar TLR1-OBLO
Grand Dragon DRG-1G (Emory)
Reconquista (Standard)
Awesome AWS-10KM (Cameron)
Carbine CON-7 ConstructionMech (Standard)
Carbine CON-8 ConstructionMech (Standard)
CattleMaster CTL-3R 'Herder' IndustrialMech
Copper SecurityMech CPK-19
Crosscut ED-X4B DemolitionMech
Crosscut ED-X4D DemolitionMech
Crosscut ED-X5M-B DemolitionMech MOD
Peacemaker PM-6 PoliceMech (Standard)
Pompier Firemech GM-3HT
Shugosha PTN-LAW LoaderMech
Uni ATAE-70 CargoMech (Standard)
Vampyr SC-V-1 SalvageMech (Standard)
Cazador (Standard)
Rhino (Standard)
Tolva (Standard)
Panther PNT-9ALAG
Talon TLN-5VNO
Crosscut IIC SolahmaMech
Gauss-Buster MilitiaMech
Uni ATAE-70 ArtilleryMech
Ti Ts'ang TSG-9DDC 'Prototype'
Ryoken III-XP (Skinwalker) A
Ryoken III-XP (Skinwalker) B
Ryoken III-XP (Skinwalker) C
Ryoken III-XP (Skinwalker) D
Ryoken III-XP (Skinwalker) Prime
Pathfinder PFF-2T
Agrotera AGT-UA 'Ariel'
Buccaneer BCN-6PX 'Pan'
Calliope CAL-1MAFSW 'Snow White'
Celerity CLR-03OMM 'Rajah'
Clint IIC 2L 'Leia'
Ghost GST-10A 'Aurora'
Gunsmith CH11-NGC 'Cinderella'
Hitotsume Kozo HKZ-1FM 'Mulan'
Hunchback HBK-LGN-Pin 'Anastasia'
Hunchback HBK-LGN-Pin 'Drizella'
Phoenix Hawk PXH-7KJ 'Jasmine'
Tessen TSN-X4R 'Rapunzel'
Trebuchet TBT-7MM 'Merida'
Vulcan VT-5ML 'Aladdin'
Vulpes VLP-1DX 'Beast'
Watchman WTC-4MB 'Belle'
Wraith TR2-P 'Pocahontas'
Puma Assault Tank PAT-001
Puma Assault Tank PAT-002
Falcon Hover Tank (Standard)
Ground Car (Standard)
Heavy Transport B1 (Standard)
Hover Tank (Standard)
Jeep (Standard)
Jet Sled (Standard)
M.A.S.H. Truck (Small)
Mobile Long Tom Artillery (Unofficial) (+ Carriage)
Skimmer (Standard)
Speeder (Standard)
Weapons Carrier A (LL)
Wheeled Scout (Standard)
Coolant Truck (Hover)
Coolant Truck (Tracked)
Demolisher Heavy Tank (Standard Mk. I)
Engineering Vehicle (Standard)
Ferret Light Scout VTOL (Cargo)
Hi-Scout Drone Carrier (Standard)
J-27 Ordnance Transport (Armor)
J-27 Ordnance Transport (Fusion)
J-27 Ordnance Transport (Trailer)
J-27 Ordnance Transport (Standard)
Karnov UR Transport (Standard)
M.A.S.H. Truck (ICE)
M.A.S.H. Truck (Standard)
Mobile Headquarters (ICE - LL)
Mobile Headquarters (ICE - LRM)
Mobile Headquarters (ICE)
Mobile Headquarters (LL)
Mobile Headquarters (LRM)
Mobile Headquarters (Standard)
Mobile Long Tom Artillery Ammunition Trailer LT-MOB-25
Mobile Long Tom Artillery Support Carriage LT-MOB-25
Neptune Submarine (Standard)
Karnov UR Transport (3055 Upgrade)
Karnov UR Transport (BA)
Kestrel VTOL (MedEvac)
Peregrine Attack VTOL (Cargo)
BattleMech Recovery Vehicle (Standard)
Flatbed Truck (AC)
Heavy BattleMech Recovery Vehicle (Standard)
Morningstar City Command Vehicle (HPG)
Daimyo HQ 67-NC
Marsden II MBT (Standard)
Transportable Field Repair Unit JI-100
Manta Fast Attack Submarine (Support)
Moray Heavy Attack Submarine (Original)
R10 Mechanized ICV (Coolant Truck)
Garrot Superheavy Transport (Standard)
MIT24 MASH Vehicle (Standard)
Mobile Tactical Command HQ (Standard)
Kokou Defense Tank (Standard)
Manticore Heavy Tank EC
Rhino Fire Support Tank EC
Zephyr Hovertank EC
Vector (Scout)
Wheeled Scout (Camera)
Wheeled Scout (Sensors)
Wheeled Scout (Standard)
Hephaestus Jump Tank (AP)
Nuberu Anti Aircraft Tank 2 'Numantia'
SM5 Field Commander Prime
Packrat LRPV PKR-T5 (TOC)
Desert Scorpion Light Tank (Standard)
Koryu Submarine (Civilian)
Koryu Submarine (Military)
SturmFeur 'Kalki' Cruise Missile Launcher (Standard)
Karnov UR Transport (Heavy Stealth)
Patton Tank -SB
SM1 Tank Destroyer (Telos)

--------------------------------------------------
5651 mtf files -> 5650 parsed files -> 5022 converted files -> 5014 validated units
